this video is on how to stop a horse
from bucking what I do is I pick up a
rein and I move the horses hip as you'll
see in the video coming up and you know
I use a dressage whip for school and
whip to tap the horses hip over the soft
earther nose becomes the softer they
move their hip the more you'll get them
out of bucking because they can't move
their hips softener nose and buck so I
do it from the ground as you will see
and then later on in the video you know
you'll see the owner riding a horse and
it was after three days of training with
this particular horse so I hope you
enjoyed the video subscribe to my
youtube page to see new videos as they
come out thank you
Oh No how about HIPAA that's a good boy
he knows his energy not hurt my feeling
that he's doing that I'm not like my
energy he's wasting his he won't move
his hip all right
you know hard already all right we ready
uptick man oh oh yeah there you go
well then tomorrow's move that ya know
oh good boy good boy that's a lot better
so we certainly learn a routine so you
know these that because he's uh
he's in pain he's in fear or it's
emotional issue he doesn't like what I'm
feeling into the air tasting and he says
feel something a you up or in this
case when we're doing it from the ground
you don't stop it I'm gonna get on the
buck and they kick on the book and
they're taking over the bus now I'm
gonna say he's napping nothing happens
when he use the hip again about if I am
stop tapping when he did that then I'm
only encouraging that behavior so from
the temple therefore I can he needs a
tip we're here Dubois in horse again
good boy
and we'll do it again got to be boy then
we're going to go to the other side
first like I've already done we already
explained it we make sure he knows how
to move that hip and make sure I have
sometimes like any high and gay anything
to Jordan and anima right here here we
go again there we go good how about
moving out here go ahead go ahead
move your head if you're waiting your
energy Tiger you 100 don't you let
me say so for sure thanks no eeny meeny
miny
coz I'm getting up over that's a good
boy right there so they'll let us get
all upset about him get a second hurt my
feelings you doing this he plays his own
energy in the end you know with him no
I'm still getting what I want
I'm soaking his hips move over and again
is happy that you're saying there's no
more than that that's all what is now
than ever I can have my I could be in
Schwartz right now and bare feet I can
do this get something that doesn't hurt
so you know if I could be doing that
against my skin plaid shorts on and he
has his big ol fur coat and tie on it's
not hurt him he's just mad that's all
you know cake cookie the Nellie's place
certainly doesn't scared of the whip so
what you're gonna see fitting
davis/casey chase it so again you got to
the root cause of this problem really
quick yeah don't take your whip that's
not nice loser Kip owed it very nice
what do you want it to get it there well
that's much better that time
it's a shovel 70 you know you tell me
so again
moving it yeah toilet stop
all right so move it up it's not meant
for them hey I know you're upset at me
out here another thing I don't ever do I
don't raise my I don't ever sit there
raise my boy he understands that's anger
but he doesn't understand why I'm
getting mad at him he has no idea
tonight I mean let's keep looking at
don't fight me that's not nice very good
fight me check me and good all right
funny letter fix it give me an awareness
a teaspoon little bit better come on
Soph no don't bite me very nice in your
head and move your head now move your
hip like happy good boy yeah boy he's
not happy to do no you know we can do
this all day a little picture to get all
of that you know
work on this little goal here today
again
nope
cow go comes to assets
you